---
title: "12380"
date: "2025-05-18"
tags: [""]
categories: [""]
author: "ande"
draft: true
---

help me learn the rules of ultimate:
[hyperlink]
[hyperlink]

i want to develop a flow for the progress of a game, a way to represent with data what happens as it progresses.
i am unsure of the best way to describe this information, ask any clarifying questions you may think are relevant.
there is a sequence of event that happen throughout the course of a game.
for example, for each point will begin with one team pulling the disc to their opposition and will end with a goal being caught in an endzone.
between these two points are a variety of different outcomes that could occur:
- a pass might be caught or dropped or thrown out of bounds
- play might stop (an alternation between a live disc and a dead disc, where possession can change between teams) due to a call (e.g. injury, pick, foul) and there may also be a discussion between players as to the correct resolution for a breach of the rules.

I need a way to feed audio to an agent and have it transcribed or stored inside a data framework

so I'm watching a game and narrating it: - Dylan pulled ob, Noah Moss took brick, Huck to Mac for a goal
- M Zabel pull, caught by Eric, pass to Tex, pass to Butters, pick! resume stall 2, pass to Lelli, pass to Lucian, pass to ande for a goal

then the output is a sequence of events for the disc or maybe the status of play (live/dead disc):
- pass, stall, foul, marking infraction, etc.

with this data I want to work out my best combinations of 8 players (mixed capacity to handle ABBA)

scrimmaged old v young Goannas yesterday, they were running 7 lines? which feels high but might be correct? for the early stages of the campaign I would want to have a function or formula to generate lines at random, gather enough data to work out who plays well or not with who and then refine as more data gets collected and processed


